### Switch Statements And The Fall Through Hazard
NB: The switch statement was inspired by Ken Thompson which he borrowed from the case statemtent.

The switch statement allows the existence of several independent clauses, a selection of a clause depends on the value of an expression.
This has the behavior of a goto (originally from fortran), which was discarded as a bad feature but exists in all modern languages today
in the form of the switch statement.

The issue with the switch statement is the Fallthrough hazard, which basically is if you do not dirupt or exit a clause you automatically
fall into the next clause. This causes coupling of the clauses which should be independent to start with.

NB: If You never intentionally fall through a switch clause, you can at least find the cases where you accidentally fallthrough.
NB: That hardly happens is another way of saying it happens
NB: Making mathematical arguments without any data is a sign of System 1 (Gut) analysis, and there is a really good chance we are wrong.
NB: The Roman empire communicated for centuries with a language that did not have punctuation or breaks and run an empire with it. This however 
caused ambiguity when Christianity was adopted as the formal religion of the empire, therefore punctuations, lowercase and word breaks were introduced 
to reduce the error rate. This made it easy to copy a manuscript without introducing errors into it. it also had the added benefit of making manuscripts 
easy to read. Guttenberg copies these conventions while inventing printing and we still use them till today.

NB: The Elements of Style, William Strunk, has been used by many computer scientists have used it as a model for writing books on programming style.