### Scope 
It is the most important invention in programming. Was derived from Algol 60 (Algorithmic Language 1960).

### Block Scope VS Function Scope
Almost all modern languages have block scope. Javascript only has function scope. This posses a problem for most programmers
who are trained in block scoped languages.

### VAR
Because of the way the Javascript var keyword works, it is best to always declare your variables at the top of functions.
This is where Javascript will actually declare them. 

### Functions
It is also best to declare functions before you use them.

### Global Variables
- They are evil
- Avoid global variables
- When using global variables be explicit. UPPER_CASE
- Global variables should be as rare as hens teeth and stick out like a sore thumb

### New Prefix
- Not recommended
- Forgetting new in front of a constructor function, causes a constructor to clobber global variables without warning.
- This behaviour was however fixed in ES5/strict mode.
- Constructor functions should be named with initial caps, and nothing else should be named with initial caps. 

### Variable Initialization
```
var a = b = 0;
```

We expect 
```
var a = 0, b = 0;
```

What happens is
```
b = 0; // This variable will become a global variable 
// Variables that are not declared in function scopes are hoisted to the global scope
var a = b;
```

Write in a way that clearly communicates your intent.

### Syntax Convetntions
BCPL (Basic Combined Programming Language) which influenced the B language had an if clause where the 
parenthesis on the condition was optional but the curly brace on the statements were required.
This on hindsight was the better approach.
Thompson made the the parenthesis on the if condition required and the curly braces on the statements optional in the B language.
That looked more like fortran which was in vouge.

```
if (a) b(); c();
```

We expect 
```
if (a) {b(); c();}
```

What happens is
```
if (a) {b();} c();
```
c is called unconditionally

NB: Always put the curly braces on. On every IF, ELSE, WHILE, FOR
NB: As our processes become more agile, our coding must be more resilient because our code is nerver complete.