### Javascript -> LiveScript Beginnings
After the netscape browser becomes a success the version 2 needed to add more features that could make it
more interactive. Brendan Eich was called to create this in 10 days. The components that composed LiveScript was
Java, where the syntax was derived, Scheme where lambdas or functions were derived. Self was derived from Small Talk,
Seld did away with classes to make the programs faster and easier to program.

    Scheme
     |
     |
     |
     |
 LiveScript - - - - Self
     |
     |
     |
     |
    Java

### Interest Of Two Languages
NetScape claimed at this time that if programmers targeted the web with LiveScript they would be liberated from the dominance 
of microsoft. Also Sun microsystems who owned the Java language claimed that if programmers targetted their programs towards the Java Virtual Machine
the world would be liberated from Microsoft. The clearly were fighting the same opponent so they came togetther to fight Microsoft.
They agreed that Netscape would add Java to their web browser and Java would drop their browser which was named HotJava.

Sun also wanted LiveScript to be killed since they saw Java as the last language that would ever be created. Netscape refused because the goal of
LiveScript was to introduce a language for beginners and Java was not that language.

### Where The Bad Parts OF Javascript Come From
- Legacy
- Good Intentions
- Haste

NB: For the most part, the bad parts can be avoided. The problem with the bad parts isnt that they are useles
but that they are dangerous
