### Objects
Javascript is an object oriented language, but what it thinks in terms of objects is different from what other languages think.

### DEFINITION
In Javascript an object is a dynamic collection of properties. Every property has a key string withing the object,
which can be associated to any value.

### GET, SET, DELETE
- GET => object.name | object[expression]
- SET => object.name = value | object[expression] = value
- DELETE => delete object.name | delete object[expression]

NB: Javascript object keys have to be strings. You can pass a value of any type as a property however it would be coerced into a string

### Object Literal Notation
An expressive notation for creating objects. This influenced the JSON data format.
```
var my_object = {
   foo: bar,
   name: "value",
   "@#$%*": "grawlix" 
};
```

### Classes VS Prototypes
Javascript deals with prototypes where objects inherit from objects. This is unlike the classical system where
object are from classes that can inherit from other classes.

### Working With Prototypes
- Make an object that you like
- Create new instances that inherit from that object
- Customize the new objects
- Classification and taxonomy are not necessary

### Prototype Concept
Works on delegation, where an object does what it is expected to do and if it is asked to do something it does not
have the capability to do it will pass it on to another object to do that work. This is also called DIFFERANTIAL INHERITANCE
where an object only holds capabilities that differentiates it from other objects.

### Creating A New Object
```
Object.create(prototype); // accepts an object as a parameter, which is called a prototype
```
This creates a new object that will inherit from the prototype

NB: Anytime we create an object it automatically inherits from Object.prototype if no prototype is specified.

```
var mother = {
    a: 1,
    b: 2
};
```
This creates a table like structure with a reference to Object.prototype

|a | 1 |  
|b | 2 | ------> Object.prototype
   
   ^
   |
   |
daughter object
|b | 4 |


Now lets create a daughter object that inherits from mother

```
var daughter = Object.create(mother);
daughter.b += 2;
```

```
daughter.c = 9;
```

Because initially the daughter object has no property b, Javascript follows the prototype inheritance chain 
and gets to the mother object which has the property b with the value 2. This value will be copied and increased by 2
and the final result will be stored under the same property in the daughter object. 
We can add properties to the daughter object for example c, which has no relation to the mother object.

NB: Store operation will always go into the top most object
NB: Reading operations can go all way down the prototype chain
NB: The prototype chains can go as long as you want. However chains in Javascript tend to be shallow compared to classical languages  
NB: Usually in designing systems the mother object will hold the methods and the daughter objects would inherit these methods

### Create an object without inheritance
```
var obj = Object.create(null);
```